[scrap dealer shouting]
সাইট খুঁজে না পেলে ব্রাউজারে লিখুন:
-=[ MyFlixBD.com ]=-
[shopkeeper] 500 grand.
You get 500 grand for armpit burns.
[Ani] Only if Mr Banaspati wins the case.
But for that,
we're going to need your help, sir.
Uncle, all you have to do is say in court
that I bought all my Fire Clone Dios
from you.
Wrong.
You never bought those deodorants
from him. You just took them.
Therefore, you are not a consumer.
And therefore, you have no case
to take to the consumer court.
[chuckles] That kind of thing
may work abroad,
but I was raised differently.
Why would I pay my own uncle?
[groans] Give me that, you fool.
He's been saying the same thing
and freeloading off me for years.
Madam, he can't even afford face cream
but insists on using moisturiser.
[Banaspati] Uncle, I only do it
because you are family.
Now, what good is a family
if there's no give and take between us?
- [shopkeeper] Hey.
- Toxic.
Thank you.
- But not illegal.
- Mmm.
The Consumer Court will completely
understand this arrangement, sir.
And Mr Banaspati has promised
to settle all his old dues
with the money he receives
as compensation.
All he'll do is clear your past dues
with 500 grand.
If you testify on my client's behalf,
I'll make you a distributor for Firestore.
- No, I'm not interested.
- Ask for whatever you want.
One second.
Sir, ask me for whatever you want.
[Vishwas coughing]
Except financial or personal favours
of any kind.
[sighs]
They are sending my son to jail.
Please save him, madam.
Otherwise, Kumar and Sons
will be reduced to just Kumar.
They're not sending him to jail.
He's already in jail.
Make up your mind for God's sake.
Yes. He is in jail, juvenile jail.
He still has six months to serve.
They are saying he'll go to an adult jail.
Now, whoever manages to save my son,
I'll testify on her behalf.
Sir, a juvenile is being tried
as an adult.
Sorry. What has he done that…
Ani, you will figure it out.
You are from Harvard.
- Come on, come on. Let's go.
- Thank you, sir.
- A crow.
- Where?
- Where is it?
- There.
Where?
[laughs]
What the hell, Banaspati?
Where you off to, you idiot?
[theme song playing]
[Shubhkela] I'm a judge, I can't
be expected to do nonsense like this.
- [knocks on door]
- Mr Tyagi,
when I asked you to let me know if
there was anything I could help you with,
- this is certainly not what I meant.
- [Tyagi] Huh?
What is this? This is ridiculous.
You want me to judge short films?
- Mr Kela, this is Mr Dua…
- [gasps]
…the Patparganj Legal Services Secretary.
- Namaste.
The one in charge of organising
the short film competition is him.
I see. [chuckles]
I've been very keen to meet you.
[chuckles]
You're doing a very noble thing, sir.
- For the High Court, sir.
- [chuckles] I see.
What they feel is
that only through the medium of film
can legal awareness be created.
So, Mr. Kela, you will judge, right?
Please, Your Honour.
It's not good to delay when it comes
to matters of the High Court.
Of course.
Uh… But, uh… Since we're talking
about society's progress,
shouldn't there be more than one judge?
So join us, Mr Tyagi?
We can't do this without the PDJ, right?
Of course.
But I'm sure you know that
as admin, I have so many responsibilities.
Look at the pile of files here
and the ones Topo's carrying.
I have to sign them all.
Otherwise, I would have watched the films.
Your Honour.
Yeah, tell me.
You had said there is no way that
you would do this kind of ridiculous work.
But if you're keen on
watching the films, then…
- go ahead.
- No, no, no. Uh, Topo…
I was just joking.
You know how I'm always cracking jokes.
Oh, that was a joke.
I get it, Your Honour.
- What?
- I get it.
I'll go make preparations for
the screening. We'll watch films today.
Listen! You…
You mean you'll watch the films with us?
Yes, of course he will.
- Yes. Why not?
- Won't he?
Sir, if you don't mind,
which was the last film you watched?
[Shubhkela] Which one, Tyagi?
The Cutting Edge of Revenge Part 2.
[phone buzzes, beeps]
BEENU
[Ghosh] Defence.
Defence!
Why isn't he listening?
Mr Lakhmir Singh Balli!
Yes!
[stammers] What I meant, Your Honour,
is objection.
Your opening statement is what I need.
[laughing]
- What is this?
- [gavel bangs]
Your eyes were glued to your phone
the whole time. I made a mistake.
I should have gone to Miss Sujata first.
And you,
don't you dare try calling me again, sir.
- Sir! Sorry.
- Sorry, it won't happen again, sir!
- Sorry, sir. Sorry.
- [chuckles]
Now what do you think?
Was the fake idea a childish idea?
This is fun, Law. [chuckles]
Beenu Bindra isn't going
to allow Mintu to work.
Wanna see some magic?
- BEENU, I MISS YOU.
- MISS YOU TOO, DARLING.
\[phone chiming]
[chuckles]
[laughing]
Pawan…
Listen to me.
There are serious charges against you.
They're saying you tried
to grievously injure a probation officer.
I gave him such a hard shove
that he bounced down the stairs
like a football.
I took responsibility for it
on social media.
He's shameless.
[Ani] I can understand, Pawan.
But why shove him like that?
Was he abusive?
Look, there's no scope in a juvenile jail.
About a year ago,
I was caught for stealing.
I wasn't very good at it,
but I learnt after I came here.
- [gasps]
- [stammers]
Pawan, give it to me!
- Pa--
- [gasps]
[Pawan] But do you know what?
I'm done with petty crime.
I want to commit big crimes.
[Vishwas] Move.
So you're not being sent to Tihar jail.
You actually want to go there.
- 'Cause that's my school.
- Ridiculous.
[Pawan] Rinku Moghiya,
Lucky Shamshera, Montu Billa…
Montu Billa, yeah.
- That's where all my teachers are…
- Really?
…where my dreams will come true.
[Ani] What's wrong with you, Pawan?
In the land of Mahatma Gandhi,
how can you idolise gangsters?
Crime never pays.
What was Gandhi's net worth?
- Mahatma Gandhi's net worth.
- [phone beeps]
Escobar
was the seventh richest man in the world.
[Ani] Look, Pawan, you are just 16.
You can still change your mind.
You should make something of yourself.
[Nayana] Contribute to society.
You're still a child, you know.
Hey!
Don't ever abuse me like that again.
I'm a man, okay?
And I don't want a lawyer. Get out!
- Listen--
- [Pawan] Out!
One minute.
I had a brat of a nephew just like him.
- Sorted him out.
- [toy gun beeps]
[Vishwas] Ladies, wait outside.
So, bro,
what's your problem?
- [door opens]
- [items clattering]
What the hell, man?
What kind of behaviour is this?
- [Pawan] Get lost, you wimp.
- [whimpering]
Do I look like a wimp to you?
Vishwas, that's politically incorrect.
Will you stop lecturing for once, Ani?
Thank you.
If Pawan keeps behaving like this,
then no judge is going to treat him
like a minor.
- And I will not get my testimony.
- [Vishwas sighs]
We're talking about
a child's future here, guys.
His entire life could be ruined.
And my entire day.
[scoffs]
Unless…
Oh, yes, sir. The film just started.
And guess what?
The PDJ himself is sitting and judging it.
Thanks. Okay, I'll talk to you later.
I am getting a bit nervous.
[yawns]
Topo, I am done with these.
- Topo.
- Hmm?
The first lot is done, Your Honour.
[actor] Not bad, Ravi! You're not just
a thief, but a script writer too.
[actor 2] How can you say that, sir?
The judge's pen is so powerful that
whenever he uses it, he rewrites destiny.
Listen, this film should
definitely be disqualified.
This judge's pen is exhausted.
It's run out of ink signing all day
and now this?
Now take a look at the power of my pen.
It's deciding the best fresh face… [yawns]
…handling 100 cases a day,
issuing 50 orders,
then translating old judgment
from English to Hindi.
There's so much stress
that I have to attend a mandatory stress
relief workshop that too on a Sunday.
Do you know what kind of decisions
I am making?
Huh?
Which gate at Patparganj
will require 32 mm lock on it,
and which gate will require
60 mm lock on it?
- [chuckles]
- That's what I'm deciding here. Huh?
[yawns]
I heard that after becoming a judge,
that's when you get a real kick.
What?
That it's a real kick when you're a judge.
I don't know when
that kick will come to me.
Oh, sorry.
One,
zero.
You mean pen fight? Huh?
Pen fight?
And then they should…
\- [phone chimes]
- [Mintu] Division bench decided.
\SUJATA NEGI
[shutter clicks]
[phone buzzes]
[Law] Ew.
Look, he's showing you his nose hair.
He's such a despo. He'll definitely agree.
Look, I agree that
Mintu is still very single,
but not enough to blow all his money
on an unknown girl.
It's my mom's birthday.
A toaster's 850.
What a cheapskate you are.
[Law clicks tongue]
- Hey. Client.
- He looks loaded.
Listen. We are in this for the long run,
so don't act cheap now.
- Okay.
- Hello, sir.
- Your chamber?
- Uh, yes, sir.
It is very busy here.
Let's have coffee outside, sir.
- Let's go.
- [phone chiming]
\BEENU: LISTEN.
I NEED 850 RUPEES
\CAN YOU SEND ME THE MONEY?
Law, my boy.
Yes, sir?
There is this client of mine.
Who?
Nintu.
- Nintu.
- The thing is
he's been getting very friendly
with some girl online.
[Law] Mmm.
But now the problem is
she's asking for money.
And as much as 850 rupees. You think
she could be a fake or a scamster?
850?
Yeah.
If she was fake,
she would have asked for thousands.
But what if she's genuine? Hmm?
What a huge loss it would be for Nintu.
Just think.
And maybe she needs it very badly.
A birthday gift for her mom.
I'm sure you know
how expensive toasters are these days.
You're so right, Law.
One shouldn't take a risk.
What I'll do is I'll send her another 200…
Meaning he'll send.
- [phone chimes]
- [phone buzzes]
[chuckling]
[Shambhu] The match has reached
a critical stage.
Mr Tyagi's pen is
at the edge of the table.
And at the other end,
Topo's ready to play.
Oh shit, man. Just missed it.
- Just missed it.
- Damn.
Topo, you're pushing too far
with the arse-licking.
Guys, in the pen fight,
there are no judges, stenos or readers.
We are all equal. Okay?
No way that's possible.
You are Your Honour.
Yeah, that's okay.
Your Honour is issuing an order that
we are all equal here.
We are players, okay? Let's play now.
- Okay, Tyagi. Let's play.
- Hmm?
- What?
Mr Tyagi, you just said that
we are equal players here.
But I have one condition.
The team that loses treats everyone
to Jaggi's famous lentil curry.
With some crispy flatbread.
Okay, now…
[Shubhkela] What?
Let's just play, man.
[cheering]
Amazing.
Looks like they found a winning film.
[slurping]
Sir, you are the probation officer.
It's your testimony
that holds the most weight.
Why are you pushing for Pawan
to go to jail?
What do you think? Hmm? You think
I enjoy sitting with a crooked neck?
This neck brace is
some kind of fashion statement?
Sir, please excuse her. She's dumb.
In certain special cases,
the law makes an exception
where they treat a 16-year-old
as an adult.
Listen, listen. The ways of the law
are beyond my understanding.
A 16-year-old kid is allowed to work
Downloaded from -=[ MyFlixBD.com ]=-
but cannot commit a crime till he's 18.
An 18-year-old can vote
and form a government,
but he can't pour himself a drink
till he's 25.
- Now you tell me. Please.
- Sure. Me?
Does drinking require
more intelligence than voting?
- Yes, sir.
- Huh?
Because when you drink, the slightest
change in proportion changes everything.
But you can vote for anyone you want.
It changes nothing.
[chuckles]
[groans]
- It's a fact.
- Look, madam.
Those who don't understand
the consequences of their actions
are considered children?
Do you know what Pawan began shouting
after he pushed me down the stairs?
"Tihar, here I come!"
Sir,
Pawan wants to go to Tihar jail, because
gangsters gets more likes on social media.
He doesn't really know
what actually happens there.
- And do you know what's happening here?
- [hip-hop music playing]
These kids are acting like gangsters.
They go "what a wow wow wow,
what a wow wow" like hip-hop stars.
[children whooping]
Hey, hey, hey. What are you doing?
Put that down!
Get out! Go on! Get lost!
Hey, fatso! Move up.
That's Miss Nishigandha.
She comes everyday to teach.
Earlier the kids enjoyed studying.
But now under Pawan's influence,
not a single kid comes to class.
Look, madam,
I agree with you that
every child is special,
but not every child is a child.
According to the JJ Act,
a probation officer's job is to mentor
and guide young delinquents.
And you're judging them.
Sir, if you don't give Pawan a chance,
then how will he reform?
All right.
Huh?
I'm giving him a chance.
According to you, Pawan is a child.
- Yeah.
- Right?
So, what do children say
when they make a mistake?
Sorry.
Now call Pawan.
If he says sorry to me,
I'll happily come to court
and testify in his favour.
I'll tell the court that
he shouldn't be tried as an adult.
But will he say sorry?
Hmm?
How do you get a bully to say he's sorry?
- [phone beeps]
- Hey, wimp!
You… I'm going to…
- I swear.
- Vishwas…
- Ani, stop me before I--
- [Pawan] Sir, embarrass yourself enough?
Are you going to leave
or should I kick you out?
Pawan.
You're just dying to go to Tihar Jail,
aren't you?
Let's go.
[Vishwas] Come on, idiot.
Yay! Tihar, here I come.
Yay!
[phone chimes, buzzes]
BEENU: I THINK YOU'VE EXHAUSTED
YOUR COMPLIMENT QUOTA
[Sujata] Law!
I sealed the deal with that client.
- I just billed him 150 grand.
- Not bad.
[sighs] Bless you, Mintu.
But ma'am,
it's Mintu Sir who will be sponsoring
our celebration.
Check this out.
You know, uh, I really thought
Mintu would turn out to be a creep,
but he's so sentimental.
And all these heart emojis
on his messages.
- He sent me a poem.
- [phone buzzes]
And now he wants
to talk about something personal.
Hold on, he's typing.
- [phone chimes, buzzes]
- Here it is.
"I don't want to start off
our relationship with a lie."
[chortles]
- [phone chimes, buzzes]
- "I am divorcee."
[phone chimes, buzzes]
"If you have a problem with that,
let me know."
[phone chimes, buzzes]
"But I feel very lonely."
[laughs]
What a sad little loner.
What's so funny?
Why is this client's file lying here
on the table?
Go make some copies.
[door opens]
This is the second time this year
I'm coming here.
Come on, come on. Yeah, enough.
Well done, Ani.
I'm going to tell his father that
coming to Tihar was your idea.
If it works,
which it won't.
What's with her?
It will.
[officer] You have only five minutes.
[Vishwas] Sir, we will be done
in two minutes.
Hey, you Skeletor.
- Watch where you're going.
- Sorry, sorry.
- Sorry about that.
- Vishwas. Go talk to her.
Yeah, well, listen.
You won't be able to sleep a wink here
like you do over there.
Instead of 100, 300 men sleep together
stuck to each other.
And bathrooms. Just one.
What will you do in an emergency?
Dude, you'll be shitting your pants.
- Shitting your pants?
- [Vishwas] Hmm.
Come on.
[Ani clears throat]
A king is only as big
as the kingdom he rules.
[Vishwas, Nayana] Right.
No, no… Wrong.
Does he think
this is some kind of promotion?
You won't meet your parents
like you used to in the juvenile home.
At least think about
your mother and father.
I did that.
I have watched my mother crying every day.
Watching her made me want to cry too.
Aw…
- [Vishwas] It's okay, man.
- Now tell me something.
Who will pay ransom to a weeping gangster?
Thank God she can't visit me here.
[scoffs]
[buzzer sounds]
[door creaks open]
Confinement area.
- Come.
- [Vishwas] Oh, my God.
The warden here is very strict.
It's my first time here.
If you break the rules,
they send you
straight to solitary confinement.
You're not allowed to have any kind
of human contact for 15 days, Pawan.
Really?
- You have to stay alone?
- [Vishwas] Mmm.
In the dark?
[prisoner groaning]
[Vishwas] He's shitting.
He's scared. Look, he's shivering.
So, what have you decided, Pawan?
[door opens]
[door closes]
Montu Billa!
Sir, a selfie!
- Please, sir.
- Hey! Catch him.
- Hey!
- Just one selfie. Please, sir.
- How did he get a phone?
- Big fan, sir.
Sir, will you let me join the Billa gang?
I've even thought of some Bollywood actors
I can threaten.
- That's my phone!
- Montu Billa. Sir!
Let me go.
- Sir!
- Come here.
- [door closes]
- Final point.
Topo versus His Honour Kela Sir.
[Maya] Easy. Easy.
- Won't happen.
- Hmm?
Won't happen.
Point! Point! Point!
- [Maya] But who kept the phone there?
- Hey, what point?
- How could it be?
- The pen didn't fall.
- Because the phone stopped it.
- So what?
- Exactly.
- Referee, ask them whose phone that is.
It's Mr Kela's phone.
- Then Mr Kela is a cheater, Your Honour.
- Cheater?
Your Honour, I never cheat when I play.
Why are you cheating so much?
Objection.
Mr Referee.
Did you see Mr. Shubhkela put his phone
on the table in the middle of the game?
The phone was already here.
If you consider this round as cheating,
you will have to consider every round
as cheating
and that includes the particular round
that you yourself just won.
Your Honour,
you are arguing like a lawyer now.
That was pure luck. Concede the point.
Mr Referee, we considered this phone
as part of the game from the very start,
and you could say that
it was always our strategy.
But our opponent claims that it was a
matter of luck,
that is a game of chance.
In other words,
gambling.
Gambling,
that too inside the court.
Oh.
So Mr Topo, what you are trying to say is
that we are gambling inside this court?
No.
So,
it's Mr Shubhkela's turn, right?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Mr Kela.
- [Tyagi] Hmm.
- [Shubhkela] Let's play.
Topo.
- Okay?
- Yes. Go for it.
[cheering]
Thank you for bringing me here.
Any doubts I had are all clear now.
This is where my future lies.
Tihar.
I told you,
"If it works".
[bell tolling]
ENTRY IS PROHIBITED
WITH RESTRICTED ITEMS
[officer] Come on, come on.
Break's over. Get back to work.
- Move it.
- What nonsense is this?
Mandatory labour.
One has to work here?
[Vishwas] Yes. One has to work here.
But not in a juvenile home
because child labour is illegal.
But they make adults work hard.
Washing vessels, sweeping,
mopping, cleaning the windows,
clearing all the cobwebs, mowing the lawn.
- Weeding--
- Enough.
[chuckles]
Bullshit.
Montu Billa.
Montu Sir is a gangster
and he's doing the dishes?
And why is that Skeletor sitting idle?
Why isn't Montu Sir telling him
to wash the dishes?
That's his plate being washed by Montu.
[Vishwas] Mmm.
- Kiddo, that's Tinu Bansal there.
- [Vishwas] Tinu Bansal!
No wonder he looks so familiar.
- He's a big shot.
- You mean
he's a bigger gangster than Montu Billa?
Yeah, much bigger.
Hey, he's the one who pulled off
the 2021 scam.
- Ah…
- Yes.
The scam was worth 35 billion.
So far only 6 billion has been recovered.
The rest is sitting in a Swiss account.
That's where Montu gets his salary from
every month.
Yeah.
[officer] He's hired Montu for protection.
What do I have to do to become like him?
[clicks tongue, sighs]
A scam.
Nayana, seriously?
And do you know what you have to do
to pull off such a huge financial scam?
Study.
Today was fun. I really had a good time.
Oh…
It wasn't
the pen fight you enjoyed, Tyagi.
- Hmm.
- It was something else.
Really? What?
The arguing.
And we are enjoying the winnings.
That's why I put the phone there
on purpose. [laughs]
Today I realised why your chamber was
the most famous in Patparganj court.
It must have been difficult
leaving your practice to be a judge.
- [Shubhkela] Tyagi?
- Hmm?
You miss practising law, don't you?
Where does he have the time to think
about things like this?
He has so much work.
Uh… Tyagi?
- Try some of that curry. It's really good.
- You're so right, Topo.
- [Pawan sobbing] Please forgive me, sir.
- Hey.
Please. Please forgive me, sir.
I don't want to go there anymore, sir.
Please forgive me, sir. Sir, please.
Okay, I forgive you. Come on, get up.
- I am sorry.
- Get up. Get up.
- You promise to be a good boy?
- Yes, sir.
You promise to study hard.
Of course, sir.
That's the most important thing.
Huh?
Ms Nishigandha! Ms Nishigandha!
Well, sir, young Pawan has apologised.
Are you willing to testify
in his favour now? Yeah?
- [chuckles] Good job.
- Great. Thank you, sir.
- Good.
- Thanks.
You know, I read somewhere once,
"Show me the heroes
the youth of your country look up to
and I'll tell you
the future of your country."
I hope he finds better heroes.
India has plenty of them.
[Vishwas] So Mr, Kumar,
your son's turned over a new leaf.
- Shall I tell you something?
- Yeah.
This thing about taking him
to an adult jail
was Advocate Ananya Shroff's idea.
So you have to testify
in her favour, right?
- Yes, Uncle.
- Sir, but I convinced him to study.
Yeah, but that didn't work, right?
Madam, madam.
Both of you have
saved Pawan's life together.
That's why I'll testify for both of you.
- What?
- Yes.
- He bought the deal.
- Thank you, sir.
- And he didn't.
- That's useless, sir.
- Correct.
- Only one of us can win this.
Her side.
But today I have won, madam.
My son will be back home after six months.
I suggest you both get together
and sort out this Banaspati matter
once and for all.
Come on.
- Get together?
- Sir…
- How will this work?
Well, it didn't work.
But you were tolerable for the first time.
Mr Banaspati.
And you weren't a total bitch today.
- Mr Banaspati.
- Don't think I'll go easy on you,
- Of course not.
Snakes don't have a heart.
Mr Banaspati.
- Hey!
- What are you doing?
Now you can both get together
and pounce on me.
- Mr Banaspati…
- You both are a match, by the way.
- We both are a match?
- Yes, a perfect match.
Because of you, I couldn't…
Hey, don't do that here.
The kids will call you a wimp.
It's burning!
Didn't I say you can't meet him?
No, the judge is not available.
I just need
to see him for a minute, please.
[guard] Didn't you hear what I just said?
- Hey, hey. It's okay. Let him in.
- Sir.
- Okay, go.
- What is it?
- Sir.
- Yes?
We haven't had enough food to eat
for the last five months.
You helped set up my food cart again.
Food cart?
Your Honour,
gate number 7 used to be open.
- Yeah.
- So the carts couldn't be set up there.
Oh.
Today you signed an order that
a 60-mm lock should be put on the gate.
So, that's why…
Sir, I make very good
deep-fried savouries.
So when I started today,
I made the very first batch just for you.
Would you like to try it?
ভুয়া লিংক এড়িয়ে চলুন — অফিসিয়াল: -=[ MyFlixBD.com ]=-
- Why not?
- [chuckling]
Thank you, sir.
- Take care of yourself.
- Yes, sir.
- [Tyagi] Mr Shubhkela.
- Hmm?
You know the line in that film,
"A judge's pen can change destinies."
Hmm, hmm.
- Such a beautiful line.
- Excellent.
You must select that one
for best film, please.
[chuckles] Okay.
And Topo,
all the paperwork that's pending,
bring it to me, I want to sign everything
before I leave. Hmm?
[Law] Come on, ma'am.
You deleted your account?
[clicks tongue] Couldn't you have waited
till the annual sale? Here.
Law, I was thinking
we need to win on our own steam.
I don't want to play cheap tricks
to get my name on the board.
Enough now. How many more?
Go get the scooter out.
[phone buzzes]
MINTU:
I WAS THINKING ABOUT YOU.